[Music]
Allrecipes member Christina see comments
that this recipe for the best mashed
potatoes is often requested during
Thanksgiving it's totally tasty and
everyone will brave this recipe makes
enough for 12 people let's start by
peeling 5 pounds of Yukon Gold potatoes
[Music]
cut them into quarters
put the potatoes in a pot and cover them
with cold water
[Music]
add a couple of tablespoons or so of
salt and bring the water to a boil lower
the heat to medium and simmer them until
they are tender but still firm between
10 and 12 minutes while the potatoes are
cooking chop up three or four cloves of
garlic
[Music]
then finely chop enough fresh chives to
make one generous cup drain the potatoes
and return them to the pot
on the stove over low heat allow the
potatoes to dry for about a minute then
quickly add in half a cup of softened or
room-temperature butter 2 cups of grated
Parmesan cheese the cup of chives
one and a half cups of cream cheese
[Music]
and the minced garlic now using a potato
masher and working quickly so the
potatoes retain their keep Nash until
the mixture is smooth
[Music]
season with a pinch of salt and pepper
to taste
[Music]
garnish them with some more pepper and
chives for a variation Allrecipes member
Christina suggests serving the best
mashed potatoes in a casserole dish
refrigerate the leftovers overnight then
sprinkle extra Parmesan cheese
dot with butter and reheat the potatoes
in the oven the next day
[Music]